---
title: Copyrights subtitle: "Library Copyrights"
menu: Copyrights order: 40
---

## Top Tag

#### Copyright 2021 Lee Scroggins

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the
License.

## Android Support Libraries, Google Material Design library, Google Gson Library, Room Library

#### Copyright 2009-2021 Android Open Source Project aosp,

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the
License.

## ReactiveX RxJava2 library

#### Copyright (c) 2016-present, RxJava Contributors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the
License.

## SquareUp Retrofit2, OkHttp3 libraries

#### Copyright 2013-2019 Square, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the
License

## Facebook Stetho Library

#### Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates.

MIT License

Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Google Maps Platform License Agreement

#### Unicode Common Locale Data Repository © Unicode, Inc. (https://www.unicode.org/copyright.html). All rights reserved.

License. As long as you follow these Terms, the Google Terms of Service give you a license to use Google Maps/Google Earth, including features that allow you to:

view and annotate maps;

create KML files and map layers; and

publicly display content with proper attribution online, in video, and in print.

For more details about specific things that you’re permitted to do with Google Maps/Google Earth, please see the Using Google Maps, Google Earth, and Street View permissions page.

Prohibited Conduct. Your compliance with this Section 2 is a condition of your license to use Google Maps/Google Earth. When using Google Maps/Google Earth, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to):

redistribute or sell any part of Google Maps/Google Earth or create a new product or service based
on Google Maps/Google Earth (unless you use the Google Maps/Google Earth APIs in accordance with
their terms of service);

copy the content (unless you are otherwise permitted to do so by the Using Google Maps, Google
Earth, and Street View permissions page or applicable intellectual property law, including "fair
use");

mass download or create bulk feeds of the content (or let anyone else do so);

use Google Maps/Google Earth to create or augment any other mapping-related dataset (including a
mapping or navigation dataset, business listings database, mailing list, or telemarketing list) for
use in a service that is a substitute for, or a substantially similar service to, Google Maps/Google
Earth; or use any part of Google Maps/Google Earth with other people's products or services for or
in connection with real-time navigation or autonomous vehicle control, except through a specific
Google-provided feature such as Android Auto.

Actual Conditions; Assumption of Risk. When you use Google Maps/Google Earth's map data, traffic, directions, and other content, you may find that actual conditions differ from the map results and content, so exercise your independent judgment and use Google Maps/Google Earth at your own risk. You’re responsible at all times for your conduct and its consequences.

Your Content in Google Maps/Google Earth. Content you upload, submit, store, send, or receive through Google Maps/Google Earth is subject to Google’s Terms of Service, including the license in the section called “Permission to use your content”. However, content that remains exclusively local to your device (such as a locally-stored KML file) is not uploaded or submitted to Google, and is therefore not subject to that license.

Government Users. If you’re using Google Maps/Google Earth on behalf of a government entity, the following terms apply:

Governing Law.

For city or state government entities in the United States and European Union, the Google Terms of Service section regarding governing law and venue will not apply.

For United States federal government entities, the Google Terms of Service section regarding governing law and venue is replaced with the following:

“These Terms will be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States of America without reference to conflict of laws. Solely to the extent permitted by federal law: (A) the laws of the State of California (excluding California’s conflict of laws rules) will apply in the absence of applicable federal law; and (B) any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms or Google Maps/Google Earth will be litigated exclusively in the federal courts of Santa Clara County, California, and the parties consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.”

U.S. Government Restricted Rights. All access or use of Google Maps/Google Earth by or for the United States federal government is subject to the "U.S. Government Restricted Rights" section in the Google Maps/Google Earth Legal Notices.

